I'm afraid that Li Sheng can't do anything
I'm afraid I don't know much
Nagato Prince is cruel, who is lustful and honest
At first sight today, they are Sage Rende
We are indeed rumors
Cao Min still needs to pay tribute to His Highness
Your Highness
His Highness has been poisoned by a strange poison called Hundred Days Kill
This toxic aroma is alluring
If inhaled continuously for 100 days
You can fall into a long-term coma
Weakening
There is a way to solve it with a genius doctor
The grass people are such a toxic antidote
Just take it three times.
gradually cure
It must be the poisonous woman
Just in time to count
Doctor Li is really exquisite in art
Today you are His Highness Xie Caomin of Taiyuan Shu Xi
The assassination I mentioned last time
What's going on?
Don't try to spare my life
Your Highness
call for marriage
After a long marriage, you will have to sashimi
Don't even think about being with the gangsters
concubine
Do you think so
Is it enough to quell the anger of the world?
The striptease you were taught last time
Learned now
And what should you call me?
How did I teach you before?
Sword Qi
Show it.